# [rseqc](https://hpc.nih.gov/apps/rseqc.html)

Create the following symbolic links:
```
bam2fq.py -> wrapper.sh
bam2wig.py -> wrapper.sh
bam_stat.py -> wrapper.sh
clipping_profile.py -> wrapper.sh
deletion_profile.py -> wrapper.sh
divide_bam.py -> wrapper.sh
FPKM_count.py -> wrapper.sh
FPKM-UQ.py -> wrapper.sh
geneBody_coverage.py -> wrapper.sh
geneBody_coverage2.py -> wrapper.sh
infer_experiment.py -> wrapper.sh
inner_distance.py -> wrapper.sh
insertion_profile.py -> wrapper.sh
junction_annotation.py -> wrapper.sh
junction_saturation.py -> wrapper.sh
mismatch_profile.py -> wrapper.sh
normalize_bigwig.py -> wrapper.sh
overlay_bigwig.py -> wrapper.sh
read_distribution.py -> wrapper.sh
read_duplication.py -> wrapper.sh
read_GC.py -> wrapper.sh
read_hexamer.py -> wrapper.sh
read_NVC.py -> wrapper.sh
read_quality.py -> wrapper.sh
RNA_fragment_size.py -> wrapper.sh
RPKM_count.py -> wrapper.sh
RPKM_saturation.py -> wrapper.sh
spilt_bam.py -> wrapper.sh
split_paired_bam.py -> wrapper.sh
tin.py -> wrapper.sh
```
